now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of
Israel he was indeed the firstborn but
because he defiled his father's bared
his birthright was given to the sons of
Joseph the son of Israel so that the
genealogy is not listed according to the
birthright yet Judah prevailed over his
brothers and from him came a ruler
although the birthright was Joseph's the
sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel
were Hynek Palio hezron and Carmi the
sons of jewel were Chimere his son GOG
his son Shem EE his son Micah his son
R'lyeh his son bail his son and be ehre
his son whom TIG laughs police' king of
Assyria carried into captivity he was
leader of the rubra Knights and his
brethren by their families when the
genealogy of their generations was
registered the chief GI o and Zechariah
and healer the son of Athens the son of
sheba the son of jove who dwelt in
aurora as far as Nebo and Bale mia
eastwood they settled as far as the
entrance of the wilderness this side of
the river euphrates because their cattle
had multiplied in the land of Gilead now
in the days of soul they made war with
the hag rats who fell by their hand and
they dwelt in their tents throughout the
entire area east of Gilead and the
children of gad dwelt next to them in
the land of Dacian as far as selca joel
was the chief Chafin the next then j'ni
and Schaffer impatiens and their
brethren of their father's house Michael
mashaallah m-- Sheba Jiraiya
jaqen Ziya and Eber 7 in all these were
the children of ABBA hail the son of
Hugh died the son of Jareau the son of
Gilead the son of Michael the son of
Jesse che the son of Giada the son of
buzz a high the son of Abdiel the son of
goon I was chief of their father's house
and the gadites dwelt in gilead
impatiens and in its villages and in all
the common lands of sharon within their
borders all these were registered by
genealogies in the days of Joseph king
of Judah and in the days of Jeroboam
king of Israel the sons of Reuben the
gadites and half the tribe of Manasseh
had forty four thousand seven hundred
and sixty valiant men men able to bear
shield and sword to shoot with a bow and
skilful in war who went to war they made
war with the hag rights jito nefesh and
Noda and they were helped against them
and the hag rights were delivered into
their hand and all who were with them
for they cried out to God in the battle
he heated their prayer because they put
their trust in him
then they took away their livestock
fifty thousand of their camels 250
thousand of their sheep and two thousand
of their donkeys also one hundred
thousand of their men for many fell dead
because the war was guards and they
dwelt in their place until the captivity
so the children of the half tribe of
manasseh dwelt in the land their numbers
increased from vation to bail Herrmann
that is to Cena or Mount Hermon these
were the heads of their fathers houses
Aoife issuing Elias real Jeremiah wrote
Avaya
and giardia they were mighty men of
valor famous men and heads of their
fathers houses and they were unfaithful
to the God of their fathers and played
the harlot after the gods of the peoples
of the land whom God had destroyed
before them so the God of Israel stirred
up the spirit of power king of Assyria
that is tiglath-pileser a king of
Assyria he carried the rubra nights the
gadites and the half tribe of manasseh
into captivity he took them to Haila hey
Bala Hara and the river of Gaza to this
day
you